[4]write a test case to validate how atm machine works?
Sol 1)Check the option when u insert a card
    2)Check the option when u insert a card in right angle
    3)Check the option when u insert a card in wrong angle
    4)check the language selection
    5)check if it is displaying the selected language or not?
    6)check if is showing enter pin number 
    7)check the operation if you entered right pin num
    8)check the operation if you entered wrong pin num
    9)check the pin num is in encrypted form or not
    10)click on enter option check whether it is giving selected option or not
    11)verify the options
    12)check the operation amount to be entered
    13)check if money is drawing from the selected account or not
    14)check if correct amount is coming out or not
    15)check the operation if you draw money grater than the balance
    16)check the operation if you draw money greater than the day limit
    17)check the operation when the machine dont have money
    18)check the operation when the machine have some problems

[6]write a test cases to verify shopping card functionality?
    1) Check if you are able to add items to cart 
    2) Check for edit,add, delete,save option.
    3) Check if you are able to proceed to checkout. 
    4) Check if clicking on add to cart button takes the user to cart page or not 
    5) Check if quantity button is present etc

[5]Write a test case to vaidate inbox email functionality
    1)Check whether newly received email is displayed as a Pop up in the Inbox section.
    2)Check that a newly received email has correctly displayed sender emailId or name, mail subject and mail body(trimmed to single line).
    3)Check that on clicking the newly received email, it is navigated to email content.
    4)Check that the received email contents are correctly displayed with the desired source formatting.
    5)Check if any attachments are attached to the email and is downloadable.
    6)Check that the attachments are scanned for viruses before download.
    7)Check if all the emails marked as read are not highlighted.
    8)Check that all the emails read as well as unread have a mail read time appended at the end on the email list displayed in the inbox section.
    9)Check the count of unread emails is displayed alongside 'Inbox' text in left sidebar of GMail.
    10)Check whether the unread email count increases by one on receiving a new email.
    11)Check that unread email count decreases by one on reading an email ( marking email as read).
    12)Check that email recipients in cc are visible to all user.
    13)Check that email recipients in bcc are not visible to user.
    14)Check all received emails get piled up in the 'Inbox' section and gets deleted in cyclic fashion based on the size availability.
    15)Check that email can be received from non-gmail emailIds like - yahoo, hotmail etc.

DataBase Concepts
   1) What is Database
    A database is a collection of information that is organized so that it can be easily accessed, managed and updated.
   2) What is Table
    A table is a collection of related data held in a structured format within a database. It consists of columns, and rows.
   3) What is Column
    A column is a set of data values of a particular simple type, one for each row of the table.
    The columns provide the structure according to which the rows are composed. 
    When a column allows data values of a single type, it does not essentially mean it only has simple text values. Other databases go beyond and let the data be stored as a file on Operating System whereas the column data only covers a pointer or a link to the actual file.[2
    In relational database terminology, column's equivalent is called attribute.
   4) What is Row
    In the context of a relational database, a row—also called a record or tuple—represents a single, implicitly structured data item in a table. 
    In simple terms, a database table can be thought of as consisting of rows and columns or fields.
    Each row in a table represents a set of related data, and every row in the table has the same structure.
   5) Example for Inner join'
    The most frequently used and important of the joins is the INNER JOIN. They are also referred to as an EQUIJOIN.
    The INNER JOIN creates a new result table by combining column values of two tables (table1 and table2) based upon the join-predicate. 
    The query compares each row of table1 with each row of table2 to find all pairs of rows which satisfy the join-predicate.
    When the join-predicate is satisfied, column values for each matched pair of rows of A and B are combined into a result row.
   6) Example for Left outer join
    The result of a left outer join (or simply left join) for tables A and B always contains all rows of the "left" table (A), even if the join-condition does not find any matching row in the "right" table (B). This means that if the ON clause matches 0 (zero) rows in B (for a given row in A), the join will still return a row in the result (for that row)—but with NULL in each column from B. A left outer join returns all the values from an inner join plus all values in the left table that do not match to the right table, including rows with NULL (empty) values in the link column.
   7)Example for Max, sun, Avg
    Just as the name suggests, the MAX function is the opposite of the MIN function. It returns the largest value from the specified table field.
    Let's assume we want to get the year that the latest movie in our database was released. We can easily use the MAX function to achieve that.
    SUM ---Suppose we want  a report that gives total  amount of payments made so far.
    We can use the MySQL SUM function which returns the sum of all the values in the specified column. 
    SUM works on numeric fields only. Null values are excluded from the result returned.
    AVG---MySQL  AVG function returns the average of the values in a specified column. Just like the SUM function, it works only on numeric data types.
    Suppose we want to find the average amount paid. We can use the following query
   8)Example for Group by
    This SQL tutorial explains how to use the SQL GROUP BY clause with syntax and examples. Click the Try It button next to an example to test it for yourself in our SQL Editor.
    The SQL GROUP BY clause can be used in a SELECT statement to collect data across multiple records and group the results by one or more columns.
   9) Example for Having
    The SQL HAVING clause is used in combination with the GROUP BY clause to restrict the groups of returned rows to only those whose the condition is TRUE.
   10) Example for Where condition
    The WHERE clause is used to extract only those records that fulfill a specified criterion.
   11) Example for Primary key
    The PRIMARY KEY constraint uniquely identifies each record in a database table.
    Primary keys must contain UNIQUE values.
    A primary key column cannot contain NULL values.
    Most tables should have a primary key, and each table can have only ONE primary key. 
   12) Example for Foreign key
    A foreign key is a column (or columns) that references a column (most often the primary key) of another table.
    The purpose of the foreign key is to ensure referential integrity of the data.
    In other words, only values that are supposed to appear in the database are permitted.
   13) Finding second highest salary from row table
    SELECT MAX(Salary) From Employee WHERE Salary < ( SELECT Max(Salary) FROM Employee).

MANUAL TESTING CONCEPTS

  1)Why testing is required?
   Testing is required for an effective performance of software application or product.
   It's important to ensure that the application should not result into any failures because it can be very expensive in the future or in the later stages of the development
  2)What types of application we test
   We Test different type of android and ios applications and web applications.
  3)what is SDLC and different phases in SDLC?
   SDLC, Software Development Life Cycle is a process used by software industry to design, develop and test high quality softwares.
   Planning,Defining,Designing,Building,Testing,Deployment
  4)what is waterfall method?
   The waterfall model is a sequential (non-iterative) design process, used in software development processes, in which progress is seen as flowing steadily downwards (like a waterfall) 
   through the phases of conception, initiation, analysis, design, construction, testing, production/implementation and maintenance.
  5)what is agile method
   Agile software development refers to a group of software development methodologies based on iterative development, where requirements and solutions
   evolve through collaboration between self-organizing cross-functional teams.
  6)what is scrum methodology
   Scrum is an agile way to manage a project, usually software development. 
   Agile software development with Scrum is often perceived as a methodology; 
   but rather than viewing Scrum as methodology, think of it as a framework for managing a process.
  7)what is the process in agile model
   Agile SDLC model is a combination of iterative and incremental process models with focus on process adaptability 
   and customer satisfaction by rapid delivery of working software product. Agile Methods break the product into small incremental builds. 
   These builds are provided in iterations.
  8)what is product back log items
   Product Backlog Item. In Scrum, a product backlog item ("PBI", "backlog item", or "item") is a unit of work small enough to be completed by a team in one Sprint iteration.
  9)what is sprint planing
   Sprint planning is a collaborative effort involving a ScrumMaster, who facilitates the meeting, 
   a Product Owner, who clarifies the details of the product backlog items and their respective acceptance criteria, 
   and the Entire Agile Team, who define the work and effort necessary to meet their sprint commitment.
  10)what is sprint review meeting
    In Scrum, each sprint is required to deliver a potentially shippable product increment.
    This means that at the end of each sprint, the team has produced a coded, tested and usable piece of software.
    During this meeting, the Scrum team shows what they accomplished during the sprint.
  11)what is sprint retrospective 
    The sprint retrospective is a meeting facilitated by the ScrumMaster at which the team discusses 
    the just-concluded sprint and determines what could be changed that might make the next sprint more productive
  12)what is sprint grooming
    Product backlog refinement—sometimes called product backlog grooming in reference to keeping the backlog clean 
    and orderly—is a meeting that is held near the end of one sprint to ensure the backlog is ready for the next sprint
  13)what is v model?
    The V - model is SDLC model where execution of processes happens in a sequential manner in V-shape.
    It is also known as Verification and Validation model. V - Model is an extension of the waterfall model and is based on association of a testing phase for each corresponding development stage
  14)what is STLC?
    Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) is the testing process which is executed in systematic and planned manner. 
    In STLC process, different activities are carried out to improve the quality of the product. Test Execution.
  15)Whatis defect
    A programmer while designing and building the software can make mistakes or error. These mistakes or errors mean that there are flaws in the software. These are called defects. 
    When actual result deviates from the expected result while testing a software application or product then it results into a defect.
  16)what is unit testing
    Unit testing is a software development process in which the smallest testable parts of an application, called units,
    are individually and independently scrutinized for proper operation. Unit testing can be done manually but is often automated.
  17)when do we use regression testing?
    Regression testing is defined as a type of software testing to confirm that a recent program or code change has not adversely affected existing features.
    regression testing is nothing but full or partial selection of already executed test cases which are re-executed to ensure existing functionalities work fine.
    This testing is done to make sure that new code changes should not have side effects on the existing functionalities. It ensures that old code still works once the new code changes are done. 
  18)What is integration testing?
     Integration testing, also known as integration and testing (I&T), is a software development process which program units are combined and tested as groups in multiple ways. 
     In this context, a unit is defined as the smallest testable part of an application
  19)What is UAT?
     User acceptance testing (UAT) is the last phase of the software testing process.
     During UAT, actual software users test the software to make sure it can handle required tasks in real-world scenarios, according to specifications.
  20)what is alpha and beta testing?
     Alpha testing is a type of acceptance testing; performed to identify all possible issues/bugs before releasing the product to everyday users or public.
     The focus of this testing is to simulate real users by using blackbox and whitebox techniques.
     Beta Testing of a product is performed by "real users" of the software application in a "real environment" and can be considered as a form of external user acceptance testing.
     Beta version of the software is released to a limited number of end-users of the product to obtain feedback on the product quality. Beta testing reduces product failure risks and provides increased quality of the product through customer validation.  
  21)when do we use white box testing and block box testing?
     Black-box testing (also known as functional testing) treats software under test as a black-box without knowing its internals.
     advantages of black-box testing are:
     Efficient for large segments of code
     Code access is not required
     Separation between user’s and developer’s perspectives
     White-box testing (also known as clear box testing, glass box testing, transparent box testing, and structural testing) 
     looks inside the software that is being tested and uses that knowledge as part of the testing process.
     advantages of white-box testing are:
     Efficient in finding errors and problems
     Required knowledge of internals of the software under test is beneficial for thorough testing
     Allows finding hidden errors
     Programmers introspection
     Helps optimizing the code
     Due to required internal knowledge of the software, maximum coverage is obtained
  22)when do we use automation testing?
     Automated testing is more reliable, as it is performed by tools and/or scripts.
     Automated testing is executed by software tools, so it is significantly faster than a manual approach.
     Investment is required for testing tools.
     Automated testing is a practical option when the test cases are run repeatedly over a long time period.
     Automated testing does not entail human observation and cannot guarantee user-friendliness or positive customer experience.
  23)what tester will do in each phase of SDLC?
    both tester and developers are provided with same requirement, initially they interact with each other during requirement analysis phase,
    once they have understood, dev team will be busy with developing it and tester will be busy in preparing testcase
  24)load testing an performance testing?
     Performance testing is the process of determining the speed or effectiveness of a computer, network, software program or device. 
     This process can involve quantitative tests done in a lab,
     such as measuring the response time or the number of MIPS (millions of instructions per second) at which a system functions.
  25)what is test case?
     a case that sets a precedent for other cases involving the same question of law.
  26)what is test planning/test strategy document
     Test Plan and Test Strategy. ... Test strategy is a high level document which defines the approach for software testing. It is basically derived from the Business Requirement document.
     Test strategy is developed by project manager or business analyst.
  27)what is TDD and BDD (cucumber framework)
     Behavior-driven Development (BDD) is an agile software development practice that enhances the paradigm of Test Driven Development (TDD) and acceptance tests,
     and encourages the collaboration between developers, quality assurance, domain experts, and stakeholders.
  28)what is production environment
     A production environment is where the real-time staging of programs that run an organization are executed, and includes 
     the personnel, processes, data, hardware, and software needed to perform day-to-day operations.
  29)what is development environment
     In computer program and software product development, the development environment is the set of processes and programming tools used to create the program or software product. 
     The term may sometimes also imply the physical environment.
  30)what is QA environment
     A QA environment is where you test your upgrade procedure against data,hardware, and software that closely simulate the Production environment 
     and where you allow intended users to test the resulting Waveset application.
  31)how to deal the production defects?
     The best thing you can do is learn from it and prevent the same in the future.
     I write an automated test-case for each defect found in production, since these are the brittle parts of the application.
  32)what are typical environments we have in projects in testing?
     DEVELOP,TEST,AUTOMATION and PRODUCTION (DTAP)
  33)what are different defect metrics and measurements we prepare in testing?
     "Software testing metrics - Improves the efficiency and effectiveness of a software testing process."
      Software testing metrics or software test measurement is the quantitative indication of extent, capacity, dimension, amount or size of some attribute of a process or product.
      It improves scope,quality andreduces the cost and time saving.
      Process Metrics: It can be used to improve the process efficiency of the SDLC ( Software Development Life Cycle)
      Product Metrics: It deals with the quality of the software product
      Project Metrics: It can be used to measure the efficiency of a project team or any tools being used by the team members
  34)
  34)
     
    


     
     

  



